(It’s InCheon International Airport!)
LOOΠΔ : Hello~
HaSeul : Now, we’re on our way to Czech to do a photoshoot
HaSeul : for our repackaged album [Love&Evil]~
ViVi : I like it~
ViVi : But I don’t know well what kind of country Czech is…
HeeJin : The only thing left is…
HaSeul : The flyer miles!!
HeeJin : But I couldn’t earn miles until now..
HaSeul : We didn’t earn frequent flyer miles.. because we were so busy..
HaSeul : But we’ll earn it again. Because we’ll be the world star!!
HaSeul : So, shall we go to Czech?
HeeJin : Let’s go!
HeeJin : But it’s too hot today
HaSeul : Why is it so hot?
HaSeul : I heard that it’s going to rain in Czech..
HeeJin : The Curse of HaSeul!
HaSeul : There might be rain at anytime, anywhere..!
(Anyway, let’s go!)
(And they started to fall asleep as soon as the airplane took off)